Kieran's a professional rugby player so
his diet is really important to how he
plays and how he trains and I don't
really help him in that area at all
who's he
nice to meet you one thing I hate the
most that's him having one over on me so
and the cooking thing is the only thing
he's gone me at the moment so if I can
match him in that area we're gonna be
pretty equal are you looking Magnus
manicured and sort of almost like you've
never broken sweat you're probably right
fingers are soft nails I just immaculate
yeah yeah tell me why can he cook
everything seems to go wrong for me when
I cook I either undercooked things
overcook things get all the timings
wrong just nothing ever seems to work
out for me in the kitchen she's cooking
one or two meals
I'm worse disaster worse disaster
purring one of her friends in hospital i
poisoned my best friend you poisoned
your mate I did by giving her uncooked
chicken and she spent two days in
hospital oh my goodness me so today we
got all the rugby players come around
for lunch I'm trying to think of
something that is simple yeah
sophisticated and something they can
sort of serve a large table thank you
and something that can help get your
conference going in the right direction
and it is just a good old-fashioned fish
pie oh my god
I've never ever touched raw fish oh
you're a nice handful of prawns what I
feel like God dude